Introduction to Python and its Features (simple, high-level, interpreted language). 
 History and evolution of Python. 
 Advantages of using Python over other programming languages. 
 Installing Python and setting up the development environment (Anaconda, PyCharm, or VS 
Code). 
 Writing and executing your first Python program.

-->
Python is a widely-used, high-level programming language known for being easy to read and versatile. Created in 1991 by Guido van Rossum and developed further by the Python Software Foundation, Python is used for many purposes: web development, data analysis, machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, and more. Its simple syntax helps programmers write clear and organized code, making it easier to understand and maintain.

Python’s structure supports quick and flexible development. As an interpreted and object-oriented language, Python allows dynamic typing, which adds flexibility. It includes many built-in modules and packages, so developers can complete tasks faster without extra setup. The standard library provides tools for a variety of uses and is free across major platforms, which makes Python very accessible.

Python is also portable and adaptable. It runs on systems like Windows, macOS, and Linux, and can connect with code written in other languages, like C. With faster development times and the ability to complete tasks in fewer lines of code compared to languages like C or Java, Python has become a top choice for developers.

--->  1991= python
      2000=python 2
      2008=python 3
      2024=python 3.13.0   ->(3.14.0 is in alpha phase)

--->
Works Everywhere: Python runs on Windows, macOS, Linux, and even mobile devices.
Easy to Learn: Its simple, readable code makes it beginner-friendly.
Saves Time: You can write less code to do more compared to C or Java.
Powerful Tools: Python has built-in libraries and packages for almost everything, from web development to AI.
Mixes with Other Code: It works well with languages like C and Java for special needs.
Strong Support: A big community offers lots of resources and help.
